I already mentioned this to Ariel but there are a few things to make
sure of auton wise that need to be ready by the time ny starts.

1. Any auton where we plan on scoring/kicking more than one ball we
cannot have camera aligning till the last ball we reach if at all. The
reason for this is because the target is in the middle of the goal and
the grid where the balls can be placed at the start of the match
prohibit the balls from being in line with the middle of the goal. If
we go forward, pick up a ball, align, and kick it we will not be in
line with the second ball.

2. The auton that you guys had working needs to not only be saved but
also it needs to be accessible on the switch so that once we get to
competition we have at least one that we know will work with this
robot. If you want to change it make a new one that copies it and mess
with it there but we need an exact copy of what worked before to be
good to go on the switches when we get to competition.

3. I realized that I have made an error about the auton in the far
zone. You do not have to start against the wall, you are allowed to
start against the ramp which means that the ball is very close. So
what i want you to program is a new auton that has us go forward 5
inches, then kick, then forward 3 feet, then kick, then forward 3
feet, then kick acquiring the whole time of course. There was some
here-say about us not being able to score from the far zone but lets
program this and see how it works out when we get there.

4. The last auton I would like to be ready by ny is to just have us go
forward 30 inches acquiring, then camera align, then kick. There are
several purposes for this auton. The first is to possibly score from
the close zone without getting in the way of our teammates scoring but
we might be shooting to high and not be able to score. The second
reason is that I would like to use it for the middle zone when we have
an ally that can score from the far zone. This way we have the ball in
the middle of the grid, we drive up to it, pick it up, align, and
score. This way we can score one and be set to pick up the other
without interfering with our partners. This type of thing will be
extra useful in the eliminations because the best teams will be able
to score from the far zones and instead of being another team that can
score from the far zone we can combine with our allies to score more
overall.

I spoke about all of these things in depth with Ariel so if you have
any questions you can ask him or call me at 646-942-1310.
